Enable Login with Username/Password in BanyanDB (#704)
apache/skywalking-banyandb: docs/operation/security.md

## Authentication

> ### External Basic Auth (Client ↔ Server)
> 
> BanyanDB supports username/password-based authentication across both gRPC and HTTP endpoints. The following flags are used to configure basic auth:
> 
> - `--auth-config-file`: Path to the authentication config file (YAML format)
> 
> For example, an authentication config file might be defined like this:
> ```yaml
> users:
>   - username: admin
>     password: 123456
>   - username: test
>     password: 123456
> ```
> BanyanDB server supports setting multiple usernames and passwords. And the config file must have permissions `0600`. Run this command after creating config file:
> ```shell
> chmod 600 /path/to/config.yaml
> ``` 
> Then, you can use the following flags:
> ```shell
> banyand liaison --auth-config-file=/path/to/config.yaml
> ```
> 
> When you use bydbctl, you should append `username` and `password` parameter. For example:
> ```shell
> bydbctl group get -g group1 -a http://localhost:17913 -u admin -p 123456
> ```
> The flags `addr`, `group`, `username`, `password` will be automatically saved to home directory with name `.bydbctl.yaml` with permissions `0600` if it not exists.
> 
> Also, you can customize the config file, for example:
> ```yaml
> addr: http://localhost:17913
> group: group1
> username: admin
> password: 123456
> ```
> The bydbctl config file should have permissions `0600` as well. Run this command after creating config file:
> ```shell
> chmod 600 /path/to/bydbctlCfg.yaml
> ``` 
> Then, you can use the following flags:
> ```shell
> bydbctl --config /path/to/bydbctlCfg.yaml group list
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

BanyanDB supports username and password-based authentication for both gRPC and HTTP endpoints. This guide explains how to configure and use this feature for both the BanyanDB server and the `bydbctl` command-line tool.

### 1. Configuring the BanyanDB Server

To enable authentication on the BanyanDB server, you need to create a **YAML configuration file** that defines your users and their passwords.

#### a. Create the Configuration File

The configuration file should contain a list of users. For security, it's highly recommended to use strong, unique passwords instead of the examples provided below.

```yaml
users:
  - username: admin
    password: StrongPassword123
  - username: dev_user
    password: AnotherStrongPassword456
```

#### b. Set File Permissions

To protect your credentials, the configuration file **must** have read/write permissions only for the owner. Set the correct permissions using the following command:

```shell
chmod 600 /path/to/auth_config.yaml
```

This command ensures that only the file's owner can read or modify the contents.

#### c. Start the BanyanDB Server

Finally, start the BanyanDB server with the `--auth-config-file` flag, pointing to the file you just created:

```shell
banyand liaison --auth-config-file=/path/to/auth_config.yaml
```

### 2. Authenticating with `bydbctl`

When the BanyanDB server has authentication enabled, you must provide a username and password with your `bydbctl` commands. There are two ways to do this.

#### Option 1: Use Command-Line Flags

You can provide the authentication details directly in your `bydbctl` command using the `-u` and `-p` flags.

```shell
bydbctl group get -g group1 -a http://localhost:17913 -u admin -p StrongPassword123
```

> **Note:** The `addr`, `group`, `username`, and `password` parameters will be automatically saved to a file named `.bydbctl.yaml` in your home directory if it doesn't already exist. This file will also have the permissions `0600` for security.

#### Option 2: Use a `bydbctl` Configuration File

You can create a separate configuration file for `bydbctl` to store your connection and authentication details.

#### a. Create the Configuration File

Create a YAML file containing your connection details. For example:

```yaml
addr: http://localhost:17913
group: group1
username: admin
password: StrongPassword123
```

#### b. Set File Permissions

Just like with the server's authentication file, the `bydbctl` configuration file should have secure permissions:

```shell
chmod 600 /path/to/bydbctl_config.yaml
```

#### c. Run `bydbctl` with the Configuration File

You can then run `bydbctl` by specifying the path to your configuration file with the `--config` flag.

```shell
bydbctl --config /path/to/bydbctl_config.yaml group list
```
```
